---
layout: misc
title: Join
---

### Jiang lab will officially start in Janurary of 2024.  The lab is actively looking for new graduate students/postdocs, and a lab manager. We will also take undergraduate students either to assist lab management or participate research projects. Please reach out to Pengyao Jiang (Pengyao.Jiang@asu.edu)  to discuss the opportunities. 


Our lab sits at the intersection of genetics, genomics, evolutionary biology, molecular biology,  and computational biology. We welcome enthusiastic students at different levels of experience, of either experimental or quantitative backgrounds.  Applicants of diverse backgrounds are particularly encouraged to apply. __Note that only inquiries that comply with all the instructions will be considered. Do not send extra materials if I didn't ask for it.__ I will get back to you within one week if your inquiry is relevant to my lab. 



## Graduate students

Graduate students from different programs of [School of Life Sciences] at ASU (e.g. [Evolutionary Biology Program], [Molecular/Cellular Biology Program], [Biology Program]) can join the group. Perspective graduate students, students (including master students) from other departments  and rotation students  are welcome to reach out. __Note that graduate students still need to be admitted through the specifc graduate program.__
Please send (1) __a current CV__ and (2) __your research interest or ideas__ of what you want to work on __in my lab__ via email (please do not simply copy what I have written on my site). Your email or cover letter should concisely summarize the most relevant experience and interest and __do not exceed 1 page__ in length. 


## Postdoctoral fellows

Please send (1) __cover letter__ (in email is fine) that includes the names and contacts for __three references__ and a short statement of your __research interests__ with the relavance to research themes __in my lab__, (2) __a current CV__ via email. 

## Lab manager 

I'm looking for someone local in Arizona for this position. Please send (1) __current resume__ or __CV__ via email. Please include any __former lab experience__. My ideal candidate will be someone who wants to work in the lab for the __long-term__ (working times can be flexible), and has __wet-lab__ experience. Former experience with yeast genetics is preferred. 

## Undergraduate students

I will take some curious undergraduate students from ASU to participate in my research. Students should have taken either basic biology/genetics course or have taken a programming/mathematical course. Please send (1) current resume or CV via email, (2) your research interest and what you want to learn in my lab and (3) your short-term/long-term goal. We will also need student helpers, and we will start recruiting after the hiring of a lab manager. 


[School of Life Sciences]:https://sols.asu.edu/
[Evolutionary Biology Program]:https://sols.asu.edu/degree/graduate/phd-evolutionary-biology
[Molecular/Cellular Biology Program]:https://sols.asu.edu/degree/graduate/phd-molecular--cellular-bio-phd
[Biology Program]:https://sols.asu.edu/degree/graduate/phd-biology--phd